Phone Call Note
Spoke to __, __ of patient on __
Family had initially discussed home leave over the weekend, but is no longer keen at this point in time.
Caller explained that the family had not yet fully discussed this among themselves; Dr Samuel noted that Prof Tan had mentioned the patient's brother was considering it.
Family may discuss further and update Prof Tan tomorrow, and the team will proceed from there.
In the event home leave is needed in the future, an ambulance would be arranged for transfer; caller has not used an ambulance service before, and the team will prepare a list of advisable ambulance companies when the time comes.
For now, patient should avoid using her legs as much as possible for at least the next week or so.
Plastics wound nurse team will be performing a red dressing today to assist with wound healing; wound currently looks clean and healthy.
No further antibiotics are felt to be needed at this point in time.
Patient is currently not on potassium replacement; potassium was noted to be slightly high on the last check, which may be related to dietary intake.
Patient is being given nutritional supplements such as Ensure to maintain adequate nutrition.
Patient is currently on vitamins including Neobion and folic acid, which are on her prescription list.

Phone Call Note
Spoke to Madam Ah Hayu, __ of patient Madam Mariam on __
Bone marrow biopsy was performed today and went well with no issues.
Patient is also going for a dental review today to check that her teeth are in order.
If everything is satisfactory, discharge may be possible tomorrow, likely around 12pm, pending an uneventful overnight course and confirmation of no bleeding from the bone marrow biopsy site.
On an outpatient basis, the bone marrow results will be traced; this is a specialist test and will take one to two weeks to return.
If there are no signs of malignancy, which is considered a very small chance, the rheumatologist will commence treatment for her vascular inflammation.

Phone Call Note
Spoke to __, __ of patient on __
Bone biopsy was performed today and went well with no complications.
Results will take a few days to return.
The surgical team has been reviewing photographs of the wound daily and noted no signs of infection or bleeding from the wound.
The team will endeavour to have the surgeons review the patient in person today or tomorrow.
The team will continue to monitor progress over the next few days.